39 ---
Powering
Aspirational
India
Integrated Annual Report
2025-26
40 ---
We see India as a land of
opportunities for our people to
build globally competitive assets
Reliance Industries Limited (RIL) is India’s largest private sector
for the nation. We see India
enterprise through sustained investment, disciplined execution and
as a reservoir of tremendous a long-term commitment to the country. A Fortune 500 company,
its businesses today span energy and materials, digital services,
intellectual and human capital,
retail, media and entertainment, green technologies and AI,
with its people impatient for collectively serving Millions of Indians across the economy.
growth and change. As the country charts an ambitious path forward, Reliance
continues to expand and transform in step with national priorities —
anchored in its enduring philosophy that ‘Growth is Life’.
Shri. Dhirubhai H. Ambani
Founder Chairman
About this Report
Table of Contents
The Reliance Integrated Annual Report
Long Arc of Building India’s
has been prepared in alignment with the
Integrated Reporting <IR> Framework. Corporate Overview Integrated Approach to Value Creation Capabilities
In preparation for the Report, GRI Sustainable Growth
2 Reliance at a Glance
Standards, National Guidelines for
Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBC), 3 Stakeholder Value Creation 32 I ntegrated Approach to
United Nations Sustainable Development 4 Chairman and Managing ESG Governance
Goals (UN SDGs), United Nations Global Director’s Statement 34 Making Significant Strides Democratising
Market Gigawatt-scale
Compact (UNGC), United Nations Guiding
6 10-year Financial Highlights towards a Net Carbon
Principles on Business and Human Access and
Zero Future capitalisation Integrated clean
Rights (UNGP), Greenhouse Gas (GHG)
Management Discussion
Protocol, International Petroleum Industry 35 Approach to Climate-related has grown at a Opportunity energy ecosystem
and Analysis
Environmental Conservation Association Disclosures
(IPIECA) and other frameworks were 36 Natural Capital CAGR of ~29% under development
7 Financial Performance
referenced. The Report outlines RIL’s
38 Human Capital
commitment to stakeholder value creation and Review since listing in
40 Manufactured Capital
and defines the actions taken and 524 Mn+ Digital
outcomes achieved for its stakeholders. 9 Business Overview 41 Intellectual Capital FY 1977-78
9 Retail 41 Social and Relationship Capital subscribers of 6,800+ patents
To Attend 49th AGM -
14 Digital Services 43 Independent Assurance on
Jio, one of the filed across next
Click here to join. 17 Media and Sustainability Disclosures
Entertainment #1 on Fortune world’s largest generation digital
RIL invites the participation of all
Governance
shareholders at its 49th Annual General 21 Oil to Chemicals 500 India digital platforms technologies driving
Meeting (AGM), to be held on June 19, 2026 24 Oil and Gas 47 Corporate Governance Report
through Video Conferencing / Other Audio 78 Board’s Report India's progress
Visual Means. 27 Risk and Governance
in technological
Financial Statements
Reporting Suite 30 Major Awards and #88 on the 387 Mn
100 Standalone innovation
Recognitions
Online Integrated Annual Report 184 Consolidated Fortune Global Registered
Business Responsibility 500 – highest- Customers — a
& Sustainability Report Forward-looking Statement
ranked Indian testament to A workforce
The Report contains forward-looking statements, identified by words like ‘plans’, ‘expects’, ‘will’,
Corporate Social Responsibility ‘anticipates’, ‘believes’, ‘intends’, ‘projects’, ‘estimates’ and so on. All statements that address expectations company Reliance Retail's of 4,19,911
Report or projections about the future, but not limited to the Company’s strategy for growth, product development,
market position, expenditures, and financial results, are forward-looking statements. scale and its supporting
RIL’s Annual Reporting suite brings Since these are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events, the Company cannot
together the financial, non-financial, risk, guarantee that these are accurate or will be realised. The Company’s actual results, performance or enduring connect operations across
and sustainability performance for the year. achievements could differ from those projected in any forward-looking statements. #45 on the
The Company assumes no responsibility to publicly amend, modify, or revise any such statements on the with consumers diversified business
basis of subsequent developments, information or events. Forbes Global
Member’s Feedback Form Click here The Company disclaims any obligation to update these forward-looking statements, except as may be across India segments
required by law. 2000 – highest-
ranked Indian
company
